Multiple changes (#2637)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/collaboration/public-folders/migrate-to-exchange-online.md

   > 91edc6dd-478a-497c-8731-b0b793f5a986

   > [!NOTE]

> The PF mailbox GUID mentioned in prvious command must be obtained from On-Premises server, if it is obtained from Exchange Online, the migration batch will fail with error "Cannot find a recipient that has mailbox GUID"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public folder mailbox GUID mentioned in the previous command must be obtained from the on-premises server; if it is obtained from Exchange Online, the migration batch will fail with the error "Cannot find a recipient that has mailbox GUID".
```
